feat: Add dynamic master key by allowing to set option `masterKey` to a function (#2655)
parse-community/parse-dashboard: README.md

| Parameter                              | Type                | Optional | Default | Example              | Description                                                                                                                                 |
|----------------------------------------|---------------------|----------|---------|----------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `apps`                                 | Array&lt;Object&gt; | no       | -       | `[{ ... }, { ... }]` | The apps that are configured for the dashboard.                                                                                             |
| `apps.appId`                           | String                        | yes          | -           | `"myAppId"`            | The Application ID for your Parse Server instance.                                                                                          |

> | `apps.masterKey`                       | String / () => string         | yes          | -           | `"myMasterKey"` or `() => "myMasterKey"` | The master key for full access to your Parse Server. It can be provided directly as a string or as a function returning a string.        |
> | `apps.masterKeyTtl`                    | Number                        | no           | -           | `3600`                  | Time-to-live (TTL) for the master key in seconds. This defines how long the master key is cached before the `masterKey` function is re-triggered.                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `apps.masterKey`                       | String \| Function         | yes          | -           | `"exampleMasterKey"`, `() => "exampleMasterKey"` | The master key for full access to Parse Server. It can be provided directly as a String or as a Function returning a String.        |
| `apps.masterKeyTtl`                    | Number                        | no           | -           | `3600`                  | Time-to-live (TTL) for the master key in seconds. This defines how long the master key is cached before the `masterKey` function is re-triggered.                |
```
